add docs on model sharding (#8658)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/training/distributed_inference.md

```bash
torchrun run_distributed.py --nproc_per_node=2
```

> [!TIP]

> > You can use `device_map` within a [`DiffusionPipeline`] to distribute its model-level components on multiple devices. Refer to [this section](../tutorials/inference_with_big_models.md#device-placement) to know more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can use `device_map` within a [`DiffusionPipeline`] to distribute its model-level components on multiple devices. Refer to the [Device placement](../tutorials/inference_with_big_models#device-placement) guide to learn more.
```
